DOCS-10752-SE-20125-time-period (#176)
mulesoft/docs-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/basic-alerts.adoc

==== Time Period

> The _time period_ defines how long the metric meets the criteria defined using the operator and chosen value. Note that a basic alert is triggered only if the condition is met for the selected time period continuously, not cumulatively. The following time periods are available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The _time period_ specifies the duration for which the metric remains valid, based on the criteria defined using the operator and chosen value. A basic alert is triggered only if the metric continuously (not cumulatively) meets the condition for the selected time period. The following time periods are available:
```

> The _time period_ defines how long the metric meets the criteria defined using the operator and chosen value. Note that the a basic alert is triggered only if the condition is met continuously for the selected time period, not cumulatively. The following time periods are available:

Author: ```suggestion
The _time period_ defines how long the metric meets the criteria defined using the operator and chosen value. Note that a basic alert is triggered only if the condition is met for the selected time period continuously, not cumulatively. The following time periods are available:
```
